Add overall data workflow page and flow diagram (#431)
OSOceanAcoustics/echopop: docs/FEAT_implementation/input_files.md

### Specimen

> The "specimen" spreadsheet/dataframe include data from station 2, in which each individual fish is weighted and aged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "specimen" spreadsheet/dataframe includes data from station 2, in which each individual fish is weighed and aged.
```

### Catch

> The "catch" spreadsheet/dataframe include the total weight for unaged fish for the entire haul.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "catch" spreadsheet/dataframe includes the total weight for unaged fish for the entire haul.
```
